[Music]
everyone we're talking to it's all about
generating content look for things
outside the box don't just look at what
everyone else is doing which is mainly
content generation when it comes to
marketing
that's where you're going to get a
bigger bang for the buck versus saving
10 20 50 100 bucks on creating a piece
of content
[Music]
all right so we're going to talk about
how you've been thinking about AI the
wrong way and how you're missing the big
picture so yeah right now most people
with AI everyone would talk to it's all
about generating content and everyone's
like ah gender of AI can help do images
and text on demand and that's great and
I know that's really useful for
platforms like Google and Bing and even
Facebook and they can help you generate
a lot of AD variation again this stuff
is all great and there's nothing wrong
with it it's going to change Market
those lives very drastically but you as
a business I bet you're not a platform
and I'm pretty strong bet if you take
all the listeners 99.9 of you guys
aren't a platform like a Google or
Facebook or anything like that if not
almost all of you guys aren't a platform
so from your perspective we're getting a
lot of companies reaching out be like
hey how can we leverage and our
marketing like to create more content
and how can we scale faster with our
images and videos and all this kind of
stuff if you actually look at content
creation
how much do you think most people spend
actually Eric let me ask you do you
spend a lot on content creation like per
content piece does it cost you a lot to
write a blog article or does it cost you
a lot to create a video no no you just
bust out your phone Eric and are doing a
podcast right now does it cost us a lot
per episode I mean this no but per video
I mean you know relatively speaking it's
same as a blog post which is dirt cheap
right like do you look at AI being like
man this is amazing I can create a
thousand articles and it's going to save
me a lot of money do you really look at
it from that perspective not really
it you could look at a perspective they
create thousands of Articles it's gonna
give me a lot more time because they can
do it more efficiently But Eric and I
are both on the camp uh eventually
you're gonna get whacked unless you have
humans modifying it because the quality
isn't there right now
two three years from now it may be a
different story but right now Eric I'm
assuming you are still on the same page
in which the quality just isn't there if
you just do AI generated content with no
human intervention no you need a human
being for the last mile exactly so and
we've tested out a lot of it there's a
lot of people saying you can generate a
lot of traffic with AI we're not
doubting that we've seen it we've tested
it but we're also seeing the quality
just be terrible and events we're also
doubting the longevity of it yes and
we've been in the game long enough where
we know eventually end up getting
whacked but what Eric and I are getting
at right now is
the thing that people most lack and I
was speaking at an event in London
called adcon and when I was speaking on
stage we were talking about AI I asked
the audience how many of you guys log
into your analytics each and every
single day
and make changes based on what you're
seeing forget how many people raise
their hand when I just ask them how many
of you guys log in and check your
analytic but when I ask them how many of
you along your analytics or you or your
team members someone within the company
are actually making changes based on the
data you're collecting very few people
I'm not even talking five percent I'm
talking like two percent three percent
it was a really small percentage of the
room and this isn't just smbs whether
it's smbs or large corporations we're
seeing the same thing very few people
take action based on their analytics
they look at the stats but it's very
rare that they make changes in real time
or on a daily basis or even a weekly
basis a lot of companies make changes on
a monthly or quarterly basis based on
their analytics but even then they're
not actually making that many changes
based on the data
where we see a huge opportunity with AI
is you take all your data and you put it
into one Central repository whether it's
your own or Tableau or Google this
studio or whatever you want to end up
using you're creating rules and you're
having AI analyze your analytics and
your data in real time and you're coming
up with informed decisions based on the
AI helping you out so let's say the AI
tells you hey there's wasted spend here
you can change this and you can save X
dollars or you can reallocate to this
area and try to potentially get a higher
Roi because this is your highest
performing area and this is your second
highest performing and third and fourth
and instead of the AI just going and
making a change for you because I
wouldn't trust technology at least from
a marketing standpoint that quickly at
this moment in time but it can give you
good insights and the reason you can't
just trust it to make the change maybe
you actually want to burn money because
with some campaigns you got to burn
money for a week or two or a month
before it produces a good Roi and you
can get enough data but imagine
analyzing your analytics in real time
which is what a lot of agencies
including us are working on and giving
our customers feedback our people
feedback in real time so they can make
quicker decisions with the amount of
money spending being spent on ads it's
over you know multiple hundred billion
dollars I think Google alone is a
hundred and like 60 ish billion a year
somewhere around there just think about
that for a moment if you can end up
saving money in real time and come to
spending a lot of money and then
reallocate
you're going to be much more efficient
as a marketing organization that's where
I see the biggest impact in AI in
marketing over the next six to 12 months
that people aren't talking about
especially with all this Cookie list
stuff that's happening I think the big
takeaways don't just look at what
everyone else is doing which is mainly
content generation when it comes to
marketing look for things outside the
box that can really help with business
efficiency and process automation that's
where you're going to get a bigger bang
for the buck versus saving 10 20 50 100
bucks on creating a piece of content
yep that is it for today please don't
forget to rate read subscribe and we
will see you later
now if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoyed the
video like it share tell people about it
thank you very much